[docs] #439: Mention that env variables override config file (#441)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/configure/peer-configuration.md

:::

::: info

> Note that the values specified in the configuration file can be overridden with the environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that for convenient container deployment, configuration options specified via environment variables always override the corresponding values in the configuration file. This way, you can have a basic configuration file and also configure some options in a `docker-compose.yml` or in your shell's environment file (`.bashrc`, `.zshrc`, etc.).
```
